>> Sarah Drasner: Another thing is that
this is an article I wrote where it has
more information.
This is the thing I meant
to click which is this pen.
So if I have this contact form that's
in this kind of map marker thing.
And I have a bunch of information
about the contact and
then I click contact and
the contact moves over.
And then we have the email and submit,
I type here, I click submit and
those become the loaders,
which in turn become the success.
And the only time you saw a bounce in that
entire animation was that green part,
was that this is different,
something good happened.
And again when we talk about
that spatial information,
if I said to you where is the contact
form, you'd say it's in there.
But there is no in there, they're just
form elements and absolute positioning and
stuff like that, right?
It's just all tricks and stuff,
it's all just on the page or whatever.
But the idea that the people know where
something is and where to go get it and
to know how to work with that
flow is a really important one.
>> Sarah Drasner: Another thing
that's really important for
context shifting is
this idea of isolation.
If I look at these three panels and
I try to read them all at once,
it's kind of hard to do.
But if I isolate one of them, all of
a sudden I can read it a lot better and
I can understand it a lot better.
So we're always scanning
the environment around us.
If we have to scan too much, it's very
confusing for us, and if we can isolate
that just a little bit then people can
pay a little bit more attention to it.